Settings and Presets in Discord

# Settings and Presets in Discord

#### The `/settings` command provides toggle buttons for common options like
model version, style value, quality value, and upscaler version. Settings also
has toggles for the `/stealth` and `/public` commands.

  

  

Parameters added to the end of a prompt will override selections made using
`/settings`.

  

* * *

### Model Version Dropdown

Select the Midjourney Model Version to use when generating images. **Use The
Latest Model** is the default selection and will always use the newest
Midjourney Model Version.

`Use the latest Model (V6)` `6️⃣ Mjourney Model V6 [ALPHA]` `🌈 Niji Model V6
[ALPHA]` `5️⃣ Mjourney Model V5.2` `5️⃣ Mjourney Model V5.1` `🍎 Niji Model V5`
`5️⃣ Mjourney Model V5.0` `🌈 Niji Model V4` `4️⃣ Mjourney Model V4` `3️⃣
Mjourney Model V3` `2️⃣ Mjourney Model V2` `1️⃣ Mjourney Model V1`  
  

### Style Raw Parameter

Midjourney Model Versions 5.1, 5.2, 6, and Niji 6 can be fine-tuned with the
\--style raw parameter to reduce the Midjourney default aesthetic. This toggle
is not available if other model versions are selected.

`🔧 Raw Mode`  
  

### Stylize Parameter

The Midjourney Bot has been trained to produce images that favor artistic
color, composition, and forms. The \--stylize or --s parameter influences how
strongly this training is applied. Low stylization values produce images that
closely match the prompt but are less artistic. High stylization values create
images that are very artistic but less connected to the prompt.

`🖌️ Stylize Low` `🖌️ Stylize Med` `🖌️ Stylize High` `🖌️ Stylize Very High`

Stylize Low = `--s 50`, Stylize Med = `--s 100`, Stylize High = `--s 250`,
Stylize Very High = `--s 750`,  
  

### Public and Stealth Mode

Toggle between Public and Stealth modes. Corresponds to the `/public` and
`/stealth` commands.

`🧍‍♂️Public`  
  

### Remix Mode

Use Remix mode to change prompts, parameters, model versions, or aspect ratios
between variations. Remix will take the general composition of your starting
image and use it as part of the new Job. Remixing can help change the setting
or lighting of an image, evolve a subject, or achieve tricky compositions.

`🎛️ Remix`  
  

### High and Low Variation Mode

Toggle between High Variation and Low Variation mode.

`🎨 High Variation Mode` `🎨 Low Variation Mode`  
  

### Sticky Style

Sticky Style will save the last `--style` code parameter used in your personal
suffix, so you don't have to repeat the code on future prompts. Change codes
by using a new `--style` or unselecting Sticky Style.

`📌 Sticky Style`

  

### Turbo, Fast, and Relax Mode

Toggle between Turbo, Fast and Relaxed modes. Corresponds to the `/turbo`,
`/fast`, and `/relax` commands and the `--turbo`, `--fast`, and `--relax`
parameters.

`⚡ Turbo Mode` `🐇 Fast Mode` `🐢 Relax Mode`  
  

### Reset Settings

Return to default settings: `Use the latest Model (V6)` `🖌️ Stylize Med`. Your
public/stealth mode, remix, variation, and generation speed preferences are
unaffected.

`Reset Settings`  
  

* * *

## Automatically Direct Message Results

Use `/prefer auto_dm` to turn on or off automatic sending of finished jobs to
your Direct Message.

  

* * *

## Custom Preferences

Create custom options using prefer commands to add commonly used parameters to
the end of prompts automatically.

  * `/prefer suffix` specify a suffix to add to the end of every prompt.
  * `/prefer option` Create or manage a custom option.
  * `/prefer option list` View your current custom options.

  

### Prefer Suffix

`/prefer suffix` automatically appends the specified suffix after all prompts.

Command example: `/prefer suffix` `--ar 16:9 --video`

  

To clear a set suffix, use the `/settings` command and select ` Reset
Settings`, or use `/prefer suffix` again without adding the optional new_value
field to the command.

  

### Option Sets

`/prefer option set <name> <value>` command allows you to create a custom
shortcut, adding multiple parameters or text snippets to your prompts.

`/prefer option set` `mine` `--chaos 5 --aspect 2:3` creates an option called
"mine" that contains the chaos and aspect ratio parameters.

  
  
Using `/imagine prompt` `vibrant California poppies --mine`, is interpreted as
`/imagine prompt` `vibrant California poppies --chaos 5 --aspect 2:3`.

  

  * You can use multiple option sets in the same prompt.
  * You can use a mix of prompt text and parameters in your option sets. If you do, all the parameters in the set must go at the end, just like in normal prompting.
  * Your option set will "expand" where it's placed in your prompts, so you'll need to put all your prompt parameters after your option set.

  

`/prefer option list` list all options created with `prefer option set.` Users
can have up to 20 custom options.

  

To delete a custom option, use `/prefer option set` `<name to delete>` without
adding the optional value field to the command.

  

Subscribers can work one-on-one with the Midjourney Bot in Discord's Direct
Messages instead of a public channel. Images made within your direct messages
are still subject to content and moderation rules and will be visible on your
Midjourney website gallery.