Stealth Mode

# Stealth Mode

#### Midjourney is an open-by-default community, and all image generations are
visible at midjourney.com, including images created in private discord
servers, direct messages, and on the Midjourney web app.

Subscribers to the Pro and Mega plans have access to Stealth Mode. Stealth
mode prevents your images from being visible to others on the Midjourney
website. Use the `/stealth` and `/public` commands toggle between Stealth and
Public mode.

**Stealth Mode Only Prevents Others From Viewing Your Images on
Midjourney.com!**  
Images generated in public channels are always visible to other users, even
when using Stealth Mode. To prevent others from seeing an image you create
using Stealth Mode, generate images in your Direct Messages or on a private
Discord server.

If you cancel or downgrade your Midjourney subscription, previously created
Stealth Mode images will remain unpublished.

  

* * *

## How to Switch to Stealth Mode

Your website and Discord settings are separate. This includes your preference
of Stealth or Public Mode. Double-check your Discord and website settings
before generating any images to be sure they're set to the mode you want to
use.

### In Discord

### Using Commands

Use the `/stealth` as a standalone command in Discord to turn Stealth Mode on.
Use `/public` to turn it off.

Switching this way will apply your choice to all your future prompts until you
use a different command to change modes, choose a different mode in your
settings, or use the opposite parameter in your prompt.

#### Using Settings

Use the `/settings` command to adjust your settings. The `üßç‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èPublic` button
can be used to toggle between Stealth and Public mode.

When the `üßç‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èPublic` button is green, you are making images in Public mode.

When the `üßç‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èPublic` button is gray, you are making images in Stealth mode.

#### Using Parameters

To override your default visibility mode for a specific prompt, you can add
the `--stealth` or `--public` parameter to the end.

#### Using `/info` to check if you are in Stealth Mode

Use the `/info` command to see information about your account. **Visibility**
shows whether you are currently in Public or Stealth Mode.

### On the Website

#### Website Settings

You can toggle Stealth Mode on and off in the website Settings menu:

A red `On` button means Stealth Mode is enabled. A gray `Off` button means
Public Mode is enabled. Click the button to toggle between them.

Your choice will apply to all your prompts unless you use the opposite
`--stealth` or `--public` parameter in an individual prompt.

#### Publishing and Unpublishing Existing Images

If your current subscription plan includes Stealth Mode, you can also publish
or unpublish existing images on the website by using the bulk actions menu
from your Archive page or the  Options menu from within an individual image
view.