Upscalers

# Upscalers

#### The current Midjourney and Niji Model Versions produce grids of 1024 x
1024 pixel images. Use the `U1` `U2` `U3` `U4` buttons under each image grid
to separate your selected image from its grid. You can then use the `Upscale
(Creative)` or `Upscale (Subtle)` tools to increase the size of your image.

The `Upscale (Subtle)` option doubles the size of your image and keeps details
very similar to the original. `Upscale (Creative)` also doubles the size of
your image but adds new details to the image. Experiment with each upscaler
option to find the one most suitable for the style of your image.

  

  * `Upscale` tools use your subscription's GPU minutes. Upscaling can take up to twice as many GPU minutes as generating an initial image grid.
  * `Upscale` tools are not compatible with the \--tile parameter.

  

* * *

## How to Use the Upscale Tools

### 1\. Generate an Image

Create an image using the `/imagine` command.

  

### 2\. Select an Image

Use a `U` button to separate your selected image from the grid.

  

### 3\. Select Upscale

Click on the `Upscale (Subtle)` or `Upscale (Creative)` button to upscale your
image. The upscalers will double the size of your image to 2048 x 2048 pixels.

  

## Upscale Comparison

Prompt: `chiaroscuro rooster portrait`  
Original 1024 by 1024 pixel image.

  
  

### Detail from original image

Original image

After upscaling to 2048 x 2048 px

  

## Upscale Comparison

Prompt: `1960s pop-art acrylic painting of a stream running through a redwood
forest`

Original image

Subtle upscale

Creative upscale

  

Detail from original image

Detail from subtle upscale

Detail from creative upscale

  

Upscale Tip

Upscale jobs you generated before new upscalers were released by refreshing
them with the /show command. Buttons for all upscalers compatible with that
image will appear under the refreshed job.

* * *

## Legacy Upscalers

Earlier Midjourney model versions generated grids of lower-resolution images.
You can use a legacy Midjourney upscaler on these images to increase the size
and add additional details. There are multiple legacy upscale models available
for upscaling images made with earlier Midjourney models. Using a legacy
upscaler uses your subscription's GPU minutes.

  

The Midjourney Bot processes jobs on high-end GPUs. Each minute that it takes
to complete a job is a **GPU minute**. You have a limited amount of GPU
minutes when in **Fast Mode**. Because image generations may be processed on
multiple GPUs simultaneously, GPU minutes are not directly connected to the
time you wait for an image to generate.

The Midjourney Bot processes jobs on high-end GPUs. Each minute that it takes
to complete a job is a **GPU minute**. You have a limited amount of GPU
minutes when in **Fast Mode**. Because image generations may be processed on
multiple GPUs simultaneously, GPU minutes are not directly connected to the
time you wait for an image to generate.