

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Chaos

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Chaos

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

#### The `--chaos` or `--c` parameter influences how varied the initial image
grids are. High `--chaos` values will produce more unusual and unexpected
results and compositions. Lower `--chaos` values have more reliable,
repeatable results.

`--chaos` accepts values 0â€“100.  
The default `--chaos` value is 0.

* * *

## The Influence of Chaos on Jobs

### No `--chaos` value

Using a very low `--chaos` value, or not specifying a value, will produce
initial image grids that are similar.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt:` `a silver seashell inlaid with pink and
green accents --c 0`

  

### Low `--chaos` values

Using a low `--chaos` value will produce initial image grids that are slightly
varied.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt:` `a silver seashell inlaid with pink and
green accents --c 10`

  

### Moderate `--chaos` values

Using a moderate `--chaos` value will produce initial image grids that are
varied.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt:` `a silver seashell inlaid with pink and
green accents --c 25`

  

### High `--chaos` Values

Using a higher `--chaos` value will produce initial image grids that are more
varied and unexpected.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt:` `a silver seashell inlaid with pink and
green accents --c 50`

  

### Very High `--chaos` Values

Using extremely high `--chaos` values will produce initial image grids that
are varied and have unexpected compositions or elements.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt:` `a silver seashell inlaid with pink and
green accents --c 80`

* * *

## How to Change the Chaos Value

### Use the `--chaos` or `--c` Parameter

Add `--chaos <value>` or `--c <value>` to the end of your prompt on Discord or
in the imagine bar on the website:

  

### Website Settings

On the website imagine bar Settings, Chaos is called Variety. You can set a
default Variety value using the Settings button in the imagine bar:

  

Adjust the slider left for lower values and right for higher values.

The value you set here will apply to all your prompts unless you specify a
different value using the `--chaos` or `--c` parameter in an individual
prompt.

* * *

__

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

