

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Personalization

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Personalization

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

#### Create your own personalized images by ranking image pairs on
midjourney.com and use the personalization parameter on your images.

When you Rank Pairs Midjourney takes note of the kinds of images you prefer
and can generate images for you based on your preferences.

Add `--p` or `--personalize` to the end of your prompt on Discord or in the
imagine bar on the website.

  

  * Personalization takes into account your choices when Ranking Pairs.
  * By default, `--p` applies your own personalization, but you can use the personalization of other users by adding their shortcode to the parameter: `--p shortcode`.
  * `--p` can be used with Midjourney Version 6.

  

You'll only be able to use `--p` if you've done enough Rank Pairs on the
website. Otherwise, Midjourney won't have enough data to create your
personalization. If you try to use `--p` without enough data, you'll see an
error message directing you to do more ranking.

  

* * *

## Examples

`Prompt: a cat in a field of poppies`  
Without personalization

`Prompt: a cat in a field of poppies --p`  
With personalization

  

* * *

## Personalization in Settings

On Discord you can use the `üôã Personalization` button in your Midjourney
settings (run the `/settings` command wherever you use the bot) to
automatically add the `--p` parameter to all your prompts.

  

On the website you can turn Personalization on in the settings window to
automatically add `--p` to all your prompts. Click the  icon in the imagine
bar to access the settings window on web.

  

* * *

## Shortcodes

Every Midjourney user has a shortcode that can be used to invoke their
personalization. By default, when you use `--p` in a prompt, your shortcode
will be added to the prompt: `--p` ‚û°Ô∏è `--p yourshortcode`.

If you know another user's shortcode, you can use add it to `--p` in the
prompt to generate images using their personalization instead of yours: `--p
theirshortcode`.

  

* * *

## Stylize with Personalization

When using `--p`, the `--stylize` (`--s`) parameter controls how much of your
personalization is applied to the image. A lower `--s` value will limit the
personalization, while a higher `--s` value will increase it. The stylize
parameter accepts values from 0 to 1000. The default is 100.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt` `a cat in a field of poppies`

`--s 50`

`--s 800`

* * *

 __

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

