

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Style Tuner

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Style Tuner

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

#### Personalize the appearance of your Midjourney images using the Style
Tuner. Use the /tune command to generate a range of sample images showing
different visual styles based on your prompt. Choose your favorite images, and
you'll receive a unique code you can use to customize the look of future Jobs.

Share your Style Tuner and Codes with others to share, explore, and experiment
with different aesthetics.

**`/tune` and codes are only compatible with Midjourney Model Version 5.2**  
**`/tune` is not compatible with the current default Midjourney Model Version
6**  
`/tune` is only available while in Fast Mode.  
`--style` parameters created with the Style Tuner are compatible with
`--stylize` values between 20â€“1000.

  

* * *

## How to Use the Style Tuner

### 1\. Generate Your Custom Style Tuner

Create a Style Tuner page using the `/tune` command.

  

### 2\. Select Your Preferred Options

  * **Style Directions:** Choose the number of image pairs you want to see in your Style Tuner (16, 32, 64, or 128 pairs).
  * **Default Mode:** Select the style mode for your sample images (Default or Raw). If you typically do not use the --style raw parameter with your prompts, choose "default."

Use an Exisiting Style Tuner

If another user has previously generated a Style Tuner with your prompt, you
will receive a link to that Tuner. Click the link to access the existing Style
Tuner. Using a previously generated Style Tuner does not use your
subscription's GPU minutes.

  

### 3\. Submit your Job

  * Click the `Submit` button.
  * Confirm your submission.

Your Style Tuner generates a pair of images for each Style Direction. A Style
Tuner with 16 directions will generate 32 images. A Style Tuner with 128
directions will generate 256 images. Generating these images uses your
subscription's Fast GPU time.

  

### 4\. Open Your Custom Style Tuner

  * When your Style Tuner is ready, the Midjourney Bot will send you a direct message with a link to your Tuner.
  * Click the link to open your Style Tuner in your web browser.

Try this Style Tuner: https://tuner.midjourney.com/ejYLCOY

  

### 5\. Select images

Your Style Tuner will show rows of image pairs, each representing a distinct
visual direction for your prompt. Click on the image you prefer in each pair.
If you don't feel strongly about either image, leave the empty middle box
selected.

  

### 6\. Copy Your Code

The Style Tuner generates a code you can add to your prompts with the `--style
<code>` Parameter. Learn more about parameters.

**To copy your prompt and Parameter**

  * Find your customized code at the bottom of the page.
  * Click the `Copy` button to copy your original prompt and newly generated `--style <code>` parameter.

You can share your Style Tuner page with friends and generate new codes
without using any additional GPU minutes!

  

### 7\. Generate an Image

  * Return to Discord
  * Use the `/imagine` command and paste your copied prompt and `--style <code>` parameter into the `prompt` field.
  * Generate your image

  

### 8\. Use Additional Midjourney Tools

Take your image further by using other Midjourney tools like Upscale, Pan,
Zoom-Out, Remix, or Vary-Region.

  

### 9\. Experiment and Explore

Use your style code with a new prompt:

The Style Tuner you create uses your initial prompt to create sample images
and help you visualize the impact of your choices. However, the generated
codes can be used with any prompt. Remember that styles and prompts always
work together to generate an image, so a style code may not transfer as
intended to other prompts.

  * **Experiment:** Style codes and prompts interact in complex ways. A code may have a strong effect on one prompt and a subtle effect on a similar prompt. The images you choose in your Style Tuner can combine in unexpected and creative ways. Use style codes as a tool to explore new looks and visuals.
  * **Generate more codes:** You can return to your Style Tuner page at any time to change your selections and create new codes.
  * **Share style codes:** You can share or use style codes created by friends.
  * **Find a Style Tuner page:** Find the Style Tuner page for any style code by adding it to this URL: https://tuner.midjourney.com/code/StyleCodeHere.

  

### 10\. Save and Reuse Your Codes

  * Use the `/settings` command and turn on `ðŸ“ŒSticky Style`. Sticky Style will save the last `--style` parameter used in your personal suffix, so you don't have to repeat the code on future prompts. Change codes by using a new `--style` or unselecting `ðŸ“ŒSticky Style`.
  * Use custom options to store your favorite codes.
  * Or, create your own Discord server to organize your images, prompts, image references, and Style Tuner codes.

  

* * *

## Style Tune Examples

`prompt` `vibrant california poppies`  
All images were made by style created using this Style Tuner

  

* * *

## Random Codes

Use the `--style random` parameter to apply a random 32 base styles Style
Tuner code to your prompt. You can also use `--style random-16`, `--style
random-64` or `--style random-128` to use random results from other lengths of
tuners.

`--random` simulates Style Tuner code with random selections chosen for 75% of
the image pairs. You can adjust this percentage by adding a number to the end
of the `--random` parameter. For example, `--style random-32-15` simulates a
32-pair tuner with 15% of the image pairs selected, `--style random-128-80`
simulates a 128-pair tuner with 80% of the image pairs selected.

  

* * *

## Combine Codes

Combine multiple codes in one parameter with a hyphen, `--style code1-code2`.  
Combine multiple codes and style raw: `--style raw-code1-code2`

  

* * *

## Style Tuner and --stylize

The `--stylize` parameter adjusts the influence of the --style parameter on
your generated images. If you're not seeing the desired effect from your code,
consider combining it with higher stylization values, like `--stylize 250`, or
`--stylize 500`.

### Comparison

`prompt` `vibrant California poppies --style fdeQ4zOX5jd --stylize 250`

\--stylize 20

\--stylize 100 (default)

\--stylize 250

\--stylize 750

  

* * *

## Style Raw

Combine your custom style code with Midjourney Style Raw by using `--style
raw-<code>`.  
Example: To use Style Raw and `--style fjo5S8BgMoV` use `--style raw-
fjo5S8BgMoV`.

  

* * *

## Style Tuner and Niji Model Version

Style Tuner codes created with the Midjourney Bot are not compatible with the
Niji Model version accessed through the Midjourney Bot. To create a Style
Tuner or Code for Niji Model version, join the Niji Discord community and
interact with the Niji Bot in the same way you interact with the Midjourney
Bot. Your Midjourney subscription gives you access to the Niji community and
Bot.

  

* * *

## Technical Details

`/tune` is compatible with prompts that include the following:  
\--aspect  
\--chaos  
\--tile  
multi prompts

`/tune` and style codes are not compatible with image prompts that do not
include a text prompt.

  
  
If your `/tune` command does not return a clickable link, check that **Embeds
and Link Previews** is enabled in your Discord **App Settings**  

  

* * *

There are two modes for image generation, **Fast Mode** and**Relax Mode**.
Fast Mode tries to give you a GPU instantly. It's the highest-priority
processing tier and uses your subscription's monthly GPU time. **Relax Mode**
queues your generation behind others based on how much you've used the system.
**Relax Mode** wait times are variable and usually range from 1â€“10 minutes.

By default, your images will be generated using **Fast** mode. You can switch
to **Relax** if you have a Standard or Pro subscription.

There are two modes for image generation, **Fast Mode** and**Relax Mode**.
Fast Mode tries to give you a GPU instantly. It's the highest-priority
processing tier and uses your subscription's monthly GPU time. **Relax Mode**
queues your generation behind others based on how much you've used the system.
**Relax Mode** wait times are variable and usually range from 1â€“10 minutes.

By default, your images will be generated using **Fast** mode. You can switch
to **Relax** if you have a Standard or Pro subscription.

Parameters are options added to a prompt that change how an image generates.
Parameters can change an image's Aspect Ratios, switch between Midjourney
Model Versions, change which Upscaler is used, and lots more.

* * *

__

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

