Archive Page

# Archive Page

#### Search and manage all the images you've generated with Midjourney from
your Archive page.

All the images you've made with Midjourney appear on your Archive page, with
the most recent images at the top. You can search or filter your Archive to
find what you're looking for or create folders to keep your images organized.
You can also use your Archive page to perform bulk actions, like downloading
multiple images.

  

  * If you're generating your images in Stealth Mode, they will appear in your Archive on the website, but they **won't** be visible to other Midjourney users.
  * Deleting an image by reacting to it with ❌ in Discord deletes that image from your Archive. This is the only way to remove images completely from the website. Once you've ❌ed an image, it can't be restored.
  * Hiding an image on the website removes it from your Archive, but those images can still be viewed by other Midjourney users. Hiding an image is not the same as Unpublishing it with Stealth Mode.

  

* * *

## Creating, Searching, and Organizing Images

  

### 1\. Imagine Bar

Enter prompts, manage image references, and adjust your settings from the
imagine bar. For more information on how website image creation works, visit
the Create Page documentation.

### 2\. Search Prompts

Search images you've created with Midjourney. You can search for prompt text
(for example `cyberpunk cats`) or parameters (like `--chaos 100`). Unlike on
the Explore page, only images you created will appear as search results here.

### 3\. Organize

Reveal or hide the organization sidebar on the right side of the screen.

### 4\. Timeline

Use the timeline to jump to a specific day's images in your Archive. Hover to
see the dates, and click to jump to that day. More recent dates are at the top
of the timeline, while older dates appear closer to the bottom of the page.

  

* * *

## Folders, Filters, and View Options

These options let you control which of your images you see on the Archive, and
how they're displayed.

  

### Folders

Your existing folders will appear in the list here. To add a new folder to the
list, click `Create Folder`. You can drag and drop images from your Archive
into folders to organize them, or use the bulk actions menu to move many
images into a folder at once. You can also create smart folders, which will
automatically include any images that match the search terms you set for them.

#### Smart Folders

When creating a new folder, you'll have the option to set it up as a smart
folder. Smart folders will automatically include any images you generate that
match your search terms, but you can't manually add or remove images from
them.

  

**Search Terms**  

  * By default, only prompts that contain _all_ of your search terms will be included in the smart folder, but it doesn't matter where or in what order those words appear in the prompts. For example, if you enter `cat dog` as your search terms, only images with both `cat` and `dog` somewhere in the prompt will be included. To include images with either cat _or_ dog in the prompt, separate the terms with commas: `cat, dog`.
  * The smart folder search terms match partial strings. This means that if one of your search terms is a word that's also part of a longer word (for example, `cat` is part of `catapult`), any prompts you have with the longer word will also be included in the folder.

  

### Filters

Use these preset options to filter your images.

  * You can check multiple boxes in each section to show images that match any of those options. For example, if you check "Liked" and "Unrated" in the `Rating` section, your Archive will display all Liked or Unrated images, but not Hidden ones.
  * You can check boxes in multiple sections to show images that match both sets of selections. For example, if you check "Liked" in the `Rating` section and "Landscape" in the `Image Size` section, your Archive will show only landscape images that you Liked.
  * Leaving all the boxes in a section unchecked is the same as checking all of them.
  * If you can't filter for the set of images you'd like to find using a combination of the preset filters, try using the search bar to find them.
  * **If any of the filters are checked, you won't be able to see all your images. If you think images are missing from your Archive, uncheck all the boxes on the right, and they should reappear.**

  

### View Options

Use these options to control how the images in your Archive are displayed.

#### Layout

**Square:** All your images will appear as squares. In this layout, any
landscape or portrait images you've generated will appear cropped.  
**Full:** All your images will appear uncropped, but they'll be shrunk to fit
in the square layout. You'll see white space around any landscape or portrait
images to fit them into the page grid, and details may be harder to see.

#### Image Size

Control how large the image tiles appear on the page. Larger image sizes will
result in fewer images being shown on your screen at once.

  

* * *

## Bulk Selection and Actions

From your Archive, you can take bulk actions on images you've generated, such
as downloading them, assigning them to folders, or, if you have a plan that
includes Stealth Mode, publishing and unpublishing them.

### Bulk Selection

There are several ways to select multiple images from your Archive:

  * Click the  next to a date in your Archive to select all the images you created that day. You can select multiple days at once by clicking the  next to multiple dates.
  * Click any white space on the page and drag your cursor to select groups of images.
  * `Shift + Click` any individual images to add or remove them from your selection.
  * Click outside of a selection or click the  in the bulk actions menu to unselect all the images.

  

### Bulk Actions Menu

Once you've selected a batch of images from your Archive, a bulk actions menu
will appear as a bar near the bottom of the page. The number displayed here is
a count of all the images you've selected.

####  Download

Download the selected images.

####  More:

**Like / Unlike**  
Like or Unlike all the selected images.

**Hide / Unhide**  
Hide or Unhide all the selected images from your Archive. They'll still be
visible to other users unless they're unpublished.

**Publish / Unpublish**  
Publish or Unpublish all the selected images from the website. These options
only appear if your current plan includes Stealth Mode. Unpublished images
will still be visible to you.

**Add to Folder**  
Add all the selected images to a folder you've created. Since you can't
manually add or remove images from smart folders, they won't appear in the
list of options here.

**Cancel**  
Clear your selection and close this bar.

You can "Hide" images on the Midjourney website to remove them from your
Archive. They'll no longer be visible to you unless you have the "Hidden"
filter selected, but other users will still be able to view them (unless the
image is also "Unpublished"). Hiding images is a good way to keep your Archive
uncluttered.

You can "Unhide" your hidden images to restore them to your archive anytime,
so they're never lost.

By default, all images generated by Midjourney are "published," or viewable by
other users on midjourney.com. Users on plans that include Stealth Mode can
generate "unpublished" images that aren't visible to other users.

You can publish your own unpublished images at any time on the website. If you
have an active subscription that includes Stealth Mode, you can also unpublish
any published images you have.

Learn more about Stealth Mode.