Version

# Version

#### Midjourney regularly introduces new model versions to improve coherency,
efficiency, quality, and style. You can switch model versions using the
--version or --v parameter or using the /settings command and selecting your
preferred model version. Different models excel at producing different types
of images.

  * `--version` accepts the values 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5.0, 5.1, 5.2, and 6.
  * `--version` can be abbreviated `--v`.
  * `--v 6` is the current default model.

* * *

## Model Version 6

Midjourney Model Version 6 has enhanced prompt accuracy for longer inputs,
improved coherence and knowledge, and advanced image prompting and remixing
capabilities.

Midjourney Model Version 6 was released on December 20, 2023, and became the
default model on February 14, 2024.

  

Prompt: vibrant California poppies --v 6

Prompt: high contrast surreal collage --v 6

  

### Model Version 6 + Style Raw Parameter

Midjourney Model Version 6 can be fine-tuned with the `--style raw` parameter
to help achieve more photographic or more literal results.

Read more about the Midjourney `--style` parameter.

  

##### `default --v 6`

`vibrant California poppies --v 6`

##### `--v 6 --style raw`

`vibrant California poppies --v 6 --style raw`

##### `default --v 6`

`fruit salad tree --v 6`

##### `--v 6 --style raw`

`fruit salad tree --v 6 --style raw`

  

* * *

## Model Version 5.2

The Midjourney V5.2 model was released in June 2023. To use this model, add
the `--v 5.2` parameter to the end of a prompt, or use the `/settings` command
and select `5Ô∏è‚É£ MJ Version 5.2`

Version 5.2 was the default model from June 22, 2023 to February 14, 2024.

This model produces more detailed, sharper results with better colors,
contrast, and compositions. It also has a slightly better understanding of
prompts than earlier models and is more responsive to the full range of the
`--stylize` parameter.

  

Prompt: vibrant California poppies --v 5.2

Prompt: high contrast surreal collage --v 5.2

  

### Model Version 5.2 + Style Raw Parameter

Midjourney Model Versions 5.1 and 5.2 can be fine-tuned with the `--style raw`
parameter to reduce the Midjourney default aesthetic.

Read more about the Midjourney `--style` parameter.

  

##### `default --v 5.2`

`vibrant California poppies`

##### `--v 5.2 --style raw`

`vibrant California poppies --style raw`

##### `default --v 5.2`

`high contrast surreal collage`

##### `--v 5.2 --style raw`

`high contrast surreal collage --style raw`

  

* * *

## Niji Model 6

The Niji model is a collaboration between Midjourney and Spellbrush tuned to
produce anime and illustrative styles with vastly more knowledge of anime,
anime styles, and anime aesthetics. It's excellent at dynamic and action shots
and character-focused compositions.

To use this model, add the `--niji 6` parameter to the end of a prompt, or use
the `/settings` command and select `üåà Niji version 6`

  

Prompt: vibrant California poppies --niji 6

Prompt: high contrast surreal collage --niji 6

  

### Niji 6 vs. Midjourney Version 6

##### `--v 6`

`vibrant California poppies --v 6`

##### `--niji 6`

`vibrant California poppies --niji 6`

##### `--v 6`

`fruit salad tree --v 6`

##### `--niji 6`

`fruit salad tree --v 6 --style raw`

  

* * *

## How to Switch Models

### Use the Version Parameter

Use the `--version` or `--v` parameter to change model versions. For example,
`--v 5.2` to use Version 5.2, or `--niji 6` to user Niji Version 6.

  

### Use the Discord Settings Command

Type `/settings` and select your preferred version from the drop-down list.

`6Ô∏è‚É£ MJ Version 6` `5Ô∏è‚É£ MJ Version 5.2` `üåà Niji Version 6`

  

Looking for more information about the older models of Midjourney? Check out
the Legacy Model Versions page.

### Website Settings

You can set a default Version using the Settings button in the imagine bar:

  

Select your preferred version from the drop-down menu. Your images will be
generated with that version unless you specify a different value using the
`--version` or `--v` parameter in an individual prompt.