Model Version 4

# Model Version 4

#### Midjourney regularly introduces new model versions to improve coherency,
efficiency, quality, and style. You can switch model versions by using the
/settings command and selecting your preferred model version. Different models
excel at producing different types of images.

#### Read about the latest Midjourney Models here

* * *

### Default Paramter Values

Model Version 4

| Aspect Ratio| Chaos| Quality| Seed| Stop| Style| Stylize  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Default Value  
| 1:1| 0| 1| Random| 100| 4c| 100  
Range  
| 1:2‚Äì2:1| 0‚Äì100| .25 .5 or 1| whole numbers 0‚Äì4294967295| 10‚Äì100| 4a, 4b, or
4c| 0‚Äì1000  
  
  

* * *

## Model Version 4 (Legacy)

The Midjourney V4 model is an entirely new codebase and brand-new AI
architecture designed by Midjourney and trained on the new Midjourney AI
supercluster. The latest Midjourney model has more knowledge of creatures,
places, objects, and more. It's much better at getting small details right and
can handle complex prompts with multiple characters or objects. The Version 4
model supports advanced functionality like image prompting and multi-prompts.

This model has very high Coherency and excels with Image Prompts.

  

Prompt: vibrant California poppies

Prompt: high contrast surreal collage

  

### Version 4 Styles 4a, 4b, and 4c

Midjourney Model Version 4 has three slightly different "flavors" with slight
tweaks to the stylistic tuning of the model. Experiment with these versions by
adding `--style 4a`, `--style 4b`, or `--style 4c` to the end of a V4 prompt.

`--v 4 --style 4c` is the current default and does not need to be added to the
end of a prompt.

Note on Style 4a and 4b

`--style 4a` and `--style 4b` only support 1:1, 2:3, and 3:2 aspect ratios.  
`--style 4c` support aspect ratios up to 1:2 or 2:1.

##### `--style 4a`

vibrant California poppies --style 4a

##### `--style 4b`

vibrant California poppies --style 4b

##### `--style 4c`

vibrant California poppies --style 4c

##### `--style 4a`

school of fish --style 4a

##### `--style 4b`

school of fish --style 4b

##### `--style 4c`

school of fish --style 4c

  

* * *

## Niji Model 4 (Legacy)

The `niji 4` model is a collaboration between Midjourney and Spellbrush tuned
to produce anime and illustrative styles. The `--niji 4` model has vastly more
knowledge of anime, anime styles, and anime aesthetics. It's excellent at
dynamic and action shots and character-focused compositions in general.

prompt example: `/imagine prompt` `vibrant California poppies --niji 4`

##### `--v 4`

California poppies --v 4

##### `--niji 4`

California poppies --niji 4

##### `--v 4`

birds sitting on a twig --v 4

##### `--niji 4`

birds sitting on a twig --niji 4

  

* * *

## V4 Upscaler Tools

Earlier Midjourney model versions start by generating a grid of low-resolution
image options for each Job. You can use a Midjourney upscaler on any of these
images to increase the size and add additional details. There are multiple
upscale models available for upscaling an image. Using an upscaler uses your
subscription's GPU minutes.

The `U1` `U2` `U3` `U4` buttons under each image grid are used to upscale the
selected image.

Read more about current upscaling options

  

### Midjourney Dimensions and Sizes

 _All sizes are for square 1:1 aspect ratios._

Model Version| Starting Grid Size| V4 Default Upscaler| Detail Upscale| Light
Upscale| Beta Upscale  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Version 4| 512 x 512| 1024 x 1024| 1024 x 1024| 1024 x 1024| 2048 x 2048  
niji 4| 512 x 512| 1024 x 1024| 1024 x 1024| 1024 x 1024| 2048 x 2048  
  
### Model Version 4 Upscaler

The Midjourney Model Version 4 upscaler increases image size while smoothing
or refining details. Some small elements may change between the initial grid
image and the finished upscale.

##### prompt: `adorable rubber duck medieval knight`

##### prompt: `sand cathedral`

* * *

## Influence of Stylize on Model V4

prompt example: `/imagine prompt` `illustrated figs --v 4 --s 100`

`--stylize 50`

`üñåÔ∏è Style Low`

`--stylize 100` (default)

`üñåÔ∏è Style Med`

`--stylize 250`

`üñåÔ∏è Style High`

`--stylize 750`

`üñåÔ∏è Style Very High`

  

* * *

**Coherency** is the strength of the connection between the text prompt and
the resulting image. A high degree of coherency means that the image will be
an accurate representation of the prompt text.

The Midjourney Bot processes jobs on high-end GPUs. Each minute that it takes
to complete a job is a **GPU minute**. You have a limited amount of GPU
minutes when in **Fast Mode**. Because image generations may be processed on
multiple GPUs simultaneously, GPU minutes are not directly connected to the
time you wait for an image to generate.