Remix

# Remix

#### Enable Remix Mode to edit your prompt text and parameters after
generating an image. It can help you change the setting or lighting of an
image, evolve a subject, or acheive tricky compositions.

Turn Remix Mode on by using the `/prefer remix` command or by using
`/settings` command and clicking the `🎛️ Remix Mode` button.

  

Once enabled, Remix Mode allows you to edit your prompt when you make a
variation (including `Vary (Region)`), Reroll 🔄, or Pan an existing image.

  

  * You can edit image references, model version, parameters, and weights in addition to prompt text when using Remix Mode, but the resulting combination of prompt elements must still work.
  * If you don't change anything about the prompt in the Remix window, Midjourney will generate a normal variation.
  * Remixing takes into account your variation mode settings.
  * While `Remix Mode` is enabled, `V` buttons turn green instead of blue when clicked.

  

* * *

## Using Remix

Turn Remix Mode on by using the `/prefer remix` command or by using
`/settings` command and clicking the `🎛️ Remix Mode` button. Once Remix mode
is active:

### Step 1

`line-art stack of pumpkins`

**Click a`🪄 Vary` or `V` button.**

Select an image grid or upscaled image to Remix.

### Step 2

`Remix`

**Change your prompt.**

Modify or enter a new prompt in the pop-up.

### Results

`pile of cartoon owls`

The Midjourney Bot generates an image using the new prompt with influence from
the original image.

  

### Starting Image

line-art stack of pumpkins

### Model Change

line-art stack of pumpkins --test

### Subject Change

balloon-animal shaped stack of pumpkins"

### Medium Change

vibrant illustrated stack of fruit

* * *

## Changing Parameters with Remix

You can add or remove Parameters while using Remix mode, but you must use
valid parameter combinations. Changing `/imagine prompt` `illustrated stack of
pumpkins --version 3 --stylize 10000` to `illustrated stack of pumpkins
--version 4 --stylize 10000` will return an error because Midjourney Model
Version 4 is incompatible with Stylize values over 1000.

Only parameters that normally influence variations will work while using
Remix:

| Affects Initial  
Generation| Affects Variations  
and Remix  
---|---|---  
Aspect Ratio*| ✓| ✓  
Chaos| ✓|  
Image Weight| ✓|  
No| ✓| ✓  
Quality| ✓|  
Seed| ✓|  
Same Seed| ✓|  
Stop| ✓| ✓  
Stylize| ✓|  
Tile| ✓| ✓  
Video| ✓| ✓  
  
  

Changing aspect ratios with Remix will _stretch_ an image. It will not extend
the canvas, add missing details, or fix a bad crop. To adjust aspect ratios or
fix cropping issues, try Zoom or Pan instead.

  

* * *

## Variation Modes and Remix

In Midjourney Versions 5 and 6 and Niji Versions 5 and 6, you can choose
between `🎨 High Variation Mode` (the default) and `🎨 Low Variation Mode`. This
setting applies to Remixing variations as well, which means you'll see
stronger changes with High Variation Mode and subtler changes with Low
Variation Mode. You may have trouble changing the subject or composition of
your image with Remix if you have Low Variation Mode enabled, for example, but
it can be useful for changing details.

### Examples

### Starting Image

a horse

### Low Variation Mode

a unicorn - Remix (Subtle)

### High Variation Mode

a unicorn - Remix (Strong)