

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Data Deletion and Privacy FAQ

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Data Deletion and Privacy FAQ

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

## Data Deletion

To request to delete your account and data, visit
https://www.midjourney.com/account. Follow the instructions listed in the "How
can I delete my account?" section at the bottom of the page.  
Your data will be marked for deletion, and your subscription will be
cancelled.  
To avoid inadvertent data deletion, you will have 30 days to reverse your
request.

## Privacy FAQ

Last Updated: October 2, 2023

### What information does Midjourney collect from users?

We collect information that you provide to us while interacting with our
services. This may include personal information that could be used to identify
you, such as your username, the text or image prompts that you input, public
chats, IP address, billing information for Stripe, your contact information,
email address, and any other information that you share with us.

### How long is personal data stored?

We only keep the information that you share with us for as long as necessary
to serve an allowable purpose under the data protection regulations that apply
to you. Some of these purposes include: providing you with the Midjourney
services, maintaining and improving upon these services, helping you manage
your account and the features that you can access, and other purposes laid out
in our Privacy Policy. There may also be legal obligations that we need to
comply with that may impact how long we retain your personal data.

### Where is the personal data on Discord stored?

Discord is in control of all data you store on Discord. Please consult the
Discord Privacy Policy for more information.

### Where is the personal data that Midjourney handles stored?

The personal information you provide is stored on Midjourney servers in the
US. We take careful measures to make sure that your personal information is
treated securely, and that your information is not transferred to an
organization or country that does not have the adequate measures in place to
ensure its security.

### Does Midjourney sell personal data?

No. We do not sell your personal information.

### Who can submit a request to delete personal data?

If you use or have used the Midjourney services, you can submit a request to
delete your personal data. There is no need for you to reside in or have used
our services in any particular locations.

### What information does Midjourney need in order to process a data deletion
request?

In order to process your data deletion request, we need some information from
you to help us locate the data, such as your username and email address
associated with your account. Please review our data deletion request form for
more information.

### How long does a data deletion request take?

We will do our best to respond to your data deletion request within 45 days
once we receive it. If we need more time, we will let you know, and you should
hear back from us within 90 days. Once we are able to confirm that we possess
the data you are requesting we delete, we will remove this information from
our system within 1-2 weeks.

* * *

__

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

