

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Shorten

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Shorten

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

#### The `/shorten` command analyzes your prompt, highlights some of your
prompt's most influential words, and suggests unnecessary words you could
remove. With this command, you can optimize your prompt by focusing on
essential terms.

`/shorten` is not compatible with multi prompts or the `--no` parameter

* * *

## Analyze a Prompt with `/shorten`

The Midjourney Bot analyzes your prompt by breaking it down into smaller units
known as tokens. These tokens can be phrases, words, or even syllables. The
Midjourney Bot converts these tokens into a format it can understand. It uses
them with the associations and patterns learned during its training to guide
how your image is generated. Think of tokens as the building blocks that help
the Midjourney Bot make sense of the input and create the desired visual
output.

Long prompts with unnecessary words, lengthy descriptions, poetic phrases, or
direct addressing of the bot ("Please make me an image," "Thank you for your
help, Midjourney Bot!") can lead to unexpected elements being added to your
images.

The `/shorten` command can help you discover the most important words in your
prompt and what words you can omit.

  

### /shorten Command Example

If you want to create a pile of sprinkle covered donuts you might try the
prompt:  
`Please create a whimsical majestic tower of donuts, intricately crafted and
adorned with a mesmerizing array of colorful sprinkles. Bring this sugary
masterpiece to life, ensuring every detail is rendered in stunning magical
realism. Thank you!`

If you use `/shorten` command with the above prompt the Midjourney Bot will
return the following information:

**IMPORTANT TOKENS**  
Please ~~create~~ a whimsical **majestic tower** of **donuts** , intricately
crafted and adorned with a mesmerizing array of **colorful sprinkles**. Bring
this **sugary** masterpiece to life, ~~ensuring every~~ detail is rendered in
~~stunning~~ **magical realism**. ~~Thank you!~~

**SHORTENED PROMPTS**  
1️⃣ Please, majestic tower of donuts, crafted, array of colorful sprinkles,
sugary masterpiece, rendered, magical realism

2️⃣ Please, majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, sugary masterpiece,
rendered, magical realism

3️⃣ majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, sugary, magical realism

4️⃣ majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, magical

5️⃣ tower of donuts, sprinkles

The most Important tokens in your prompt are highlighted in **bold** , the
least important are ~~stikethroughed~~. You will also be given 5 possible
shorter prompts based on this information.

  

* * *

##### `Shortened Option 1️⃣ `

Please, majestic tower of donuts, crafted, array of colorful sprinkles, sugary
masterpiece, rendered, magical realism

##### `Shortened Option 2️⃣ `

Please, majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, sugary masterpiece,
rendered, magical realism

##### `Shortened Option 3️⃣ `

majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, sugary, magical realism

##### `Shortened Option 4️⃣ `

majestic tower of donuts, colorful sprinkles, magical

##### `Shortened Option 5️⃣ `

tower of donuts, sprinkles

  

### Analyzing the Results

The shortest prompt, `Option 5️⃣ : tower of donuts, sprinkles` produced an
image closest to the original goal. Many of the filler words like "whimsical,"
"mesmerizing," and "masterpiece" could be omitted. Learning that "tower" and
"magical" were considered important tokens helps explain why some images were
generated with fairytale castle elements. Learning this provided a clue that
"magical" should be removed from the prompt if the goal was to create a stack
of delicious donuts.

  

The `/shorten` command is a tool to help you explore how the Midjourney Bot
interprets tokens and experiment with words, but it may not work for all
subjects and styles of prompting.

  

* * *

## How to Use Shorten

Use the `/shorten <your prompt>` command in any Bot Channel to get information
on your prompt

**Bot Channels** are Discord channels where the Midjourney Bot has been
permitted to process Slash Commands. On the official Midjourney Discord, all
channels in the **Newcomer Rooms** , **Thread Channels** , **Themed Image
Gen** , and **General Image Gen** categories are Bot Channels.

  

* * *

__

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

