

  * __

Contents x

No matching results found

  * 

* * *

__ __

Working with Images on Web

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

 __Contents

# Working with Images on Web

  *  __ Dark

 __ Light

* * *

Article summary

 __

Did you find this summary helpful? __ __ __ __

__

Thank you for your feedback

#### On midjourney.com, you can easily upload and manage images you want to
use as references in your prompts. Add images quickly as you work on the
Create Page, or upload and manage your existing image references on the Manage
Uploads page.

## Image Upload and Selection

Click the  button in the Imagine bar on any page to open the image selection
tool:

  

If the image you want to use is already shown, click on it to add it to your
prompt. By default, it will be added as an image prompt, but you can also
choose to use it as a style reference or character reference instead with the
appropriate buttons.

There are several additional things you can do from this screen:

**Choose a file or drop it here:** If the image you want to use isn't already
shown here, drag and drop it from your computer onto this box, or click and
navigate through your files to find and add it. The image will appear in the
grid of images to the right, and will also be added to your current prompt as
an image reference.

**Hide:** Hide this image from the image selection tool. You can view and
unhide your hidden uploads from the manage uploads page.

**Describe:** Generate a list of subjects and descriptors based on the image.
This works similarly to the `/describe` command in Discord, but instead of
generating several full prompts, it will give you a variety of words and
phrases to play with. Clicking on one of the generated phrases will add it to
the end of your current prompt. Click the  Reroll button to generate new
descriptions, and the  Back button to go back to the image selection tool.

  

* * *

## Using Image References

When you add an image to your prompt, it will be used as an image prompt by
default, but you can hover over the image to choose a different option:

  

**Character Reference:** Use the selected image as a character reference.

**Style Reference:** Use the selected image as a style reference.

**Image Prompt (Default):** Use the image as an image prompt.

**Remove:** Remove this image from your current prompt.

  

To use the same image in multiple ways in a prompt (for example, as both a
character reference and a style reference), `Shift + click` on the
corresponding icons. A darker icon, like the **Image Prompt** icon above,
means you've chosen that reference type.

  

You can also use the buttons on the right to manage your reference images:

**Lock /** **Unlock:** Your image prompts are unlocked by default, meaning
they'll clear every time you submit a prompt. Lock them to keep your
selections between prompts. This will also lock the type of reference. The
lock icon will turn red to indicate your image references are locked, and your
selections will stay the same until you make changes or unlock them again. You
can't lock or unlock references individually.

**Delete:** Removes all image references from your current prompt and closes
the image selection tool.

  

* * *

## Manage Uploads Page

You can use the Manage Uploads page to organize the images you use frequently
in your prompts.

Every image you use with Midjourney will be saved to your uploads and appear
here. This includes images you use with `/describe` and in Discord.

  

Other users can't access your image uploads page, but any image references you
use will appear with your prompts on the website unless you're generating your
images in Stealth Mode.

  

  

There are two views on the Manage Uploads page:

**Visible:** These images will appear in the image selection tool when you
click the  button.

**Hidden:** These images are still saved in your uploads, but won't appear in
the image selection tool.

You can hide a visible image or unhide a hidden image any time by hovering
over it and clicking the **Hide** or **Unhide** button, or by clicking on it
and using the larger buttons beneath the image on the right side of the page.

**Delete:** Remove an image permanently from your uploads. The image will
still appear with any prompts that used it, and you'll be able to continue
working with those jobs as normal.

* * *

__

Previous

Next

 __

Table of contents

Midjourney is an independent research lab exploring new mediums of thought and
expanding the imaginative powers of the human species. We are a small self-
funded team focused on design, human infrastructure, and AI.

FOLLOW US: [F] [T] [R]

Support

For questions or support visit the  Midjourney Discord support channels.

Sites

  * Midjourney Website
  * Midjourney Discord

__

